I want
>> Good afternoon and welcome to the Apple
Q2 fiscal year 2026 earnings conference
call. My name is Suhasini Chandramouli,
director of investor relations.
Today's call is being recorded.
Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim
Cook.
John Turnus will be joining after that
for a brief set of remarks, and he'll be
followed by CFO Kevin Parekh.
After that, we'll open the call to
questions from analysts.
Please note that some of the information
you'll hear during our discussion today
will consist of forward-looking
statements, including, without
limitation, those regarding revenue,
gross margin, operating expenses, other
income and expense, taxes, capital
allocation, and future business outlook.
These statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause actual
results or trends to differ materially
from our forecast, including risks
related to the potential impact to the
company's business and results of
operations from macroeconomic
conditions, tariffs and other measures,
and legal and regulatory proceedings.
For more information, please refer to
the risk factors discussed in Apple's
most recently filed reports on Form 10-Q
and Form 10-K, and the Form 8-K filed
with the SEC today, along with the
associated press release.
Additional information will also be in
our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 28th, 2026, to be filed
tomorrow, and in other reports and
filings we make with the SEC.
Apple assumes no obligation to update
any forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date they are made.
I'd now like to turn the call over to
Tim for introductory remarks.
>> Thank you, Suhasini. Good afternoon,
everyone, and thanks for joining the
call.
Before we get into the quarter, I wanted
to take a moment to talk about the
transition we recently announced. I just
celebrated my 28th anniversary of being
here at Apple, 15 years as CEO. In fact,
this will be my 89th earnings call.
I'll always be proud of the impact Apple
has had on our users' lives, and I can't
begin to express how grateful I am for
our amazing teams. It's because of them
that there is no company like Apple, and
I truly believe there never will be.
This moment for the transition is the
right one for a number of reasons.
First, our business has been performing
extremely well.
The first half of this year was very
strong, growing double digits year over
year.
Second, our road map is incredible. And
most importantly, we have the right
leader ready to step into the role. As I
have said, there's no one on this planet
I trust more to lead Apple into the
future than John Ternus.
John is a brilliant engineer, a deep
thinker, a person of remarkable
character, and a born leader.
I know he will push us to go further
than we think is possible in order to
deliver the greatest products and
services for our users.
I have been so proud to call him a
colleague and a friend, and I will be
even more proud to call him Apple's CEO.
Over the coming months, John and I will
be working closely together to make sure
this transition is perfectly smooth.
I very much look forward to stepping
into the role of executive chairman on
September 1st. As I've told John, I will
be here to support him in any way he
needs and in any way I can. I am
incredibly optimistic about Apple's
future, and I know we have the right
team in place to deliver on the promise
of this company.
I also want to take just a moment to
share my profound gratitude for our
shareholders, especially our long-term
shareholders, for believing in Apple and
for your support over the years. It
means a great deal to all of us.
With that, I'd like to bring John on the
call for a moment to say a few words.
John?
>> Thanks, Tim. And thanks to everyone on
the call.
In my view, Tim is one of the greatest
business leaders of all time.
Stepping into the role of CEO is an
incredible honor, and it means a great
deal to me to have Tim's trust and
confidence.
I want to echo Tim's sentiment about our
shareholders, especially those who have
been with us for many years. Thank you
so much for your confidence in our
company.
As you know, one of the hallmarks of
Tim's tenure has been a deep
thoughtfulness, deliberateness, and
discipline when it comes to the
financial decision-making of the
company.
And I want you to know that is something
Kevin and I intend to continue when I
transition into the role in September.
This is an especially exciting moment
for Apple. As Tim mentioned, we have an
incredible road map ahead. And while
you're not going to get me to talk about
the details of that road map, suffice it
to say this is the most exciting time in
my 25-year career at Apple to be
building products and services.
There are so many opportunities before
us, and I couldn't be more optimistic
about what's to come.
For now, let me simply say I am deeply
grateful to Tim, to the executive team,
and to everyone at Apple, and I look
forward to all of the important work
ahead. And with that, let me turn it
back over to Tim.
>> Thanks, John. Now, let me turn to the
quarter.
Today, Apple is proud to report 111.2
billion in revenue, up 17% from a year
ago, and a March quarter record, which
was above the high end of our guidance
range despite supply constraints.
Customer enthusiasm for iPhone has been
extraordinary, with revenue growing 22%
year-over-year to achieve a March
quarter record. Services reached an
all-time revenue record, growing 16%
from a year ago, while EPS set a March
quarter record of $2.01,
up 22% year over year.
We set March quarter revenue records and
grew double digits in every geographic
segment, including strong double-digit
growth in Greater China and the rest of
Asia Pacific. We also achieved March
quarter revenue records in both
developed and emerging markets and saw
double-digit growth in nearly every
emerging market we track, including
India.
We recently marked Apple's 50th
anniversary with celebrations in our
retail stores and with users around the
world. It was a special moment for us to
reflect on the incredible journey we've
shared with our users, to thank everyone
who's been a part of it, and to look
forward to writing the next chapter in
our story of innovation.
We have always believed that people who
think different can change the world,
and we have been proud to build tools
and technologies that allow them to do
just that.
In March, we put an amazing showcase of
human creativity and ingenuity in action
with updates across iPhone, iPad, and
Mac.
Through an unforgettable week of
innovation, we also unveiled MacBook
Neo, giving us an opportunity to bring
the power of Mac to more people than
ever before.
I'll have more to say on that and all
the incredible things we delivered for
our customers over the last few months.
Now, let's take a closer look at results
from across our product line, beginning
with iPhone.
As I mentioned earlier, iPhone had an
excellent quarter with $57 billion in
revenue, a March quarter record despite
supply constraints.
During the quarter, we welcomed iPhone
17E, the newest addition to what is
already the strongest iPhone lineup
we've ever had.
It brings outstanding performance and
core iPhone experiences at a remarkable
value for everyone from enterprise teams
to consumers.
Across the lineup, this is the most
powerful, capable, and versatile iPhone
family we've ever created.
That starts with the latest in Apple
silicon for iPhone, A19 and A19 Pro,
which include neural accelerators in the
GPU to deliver a huge boost to AI
performance.
With incredible performance and battery
life and deep integration of Apple
intelligence, iPhone continues to set
the standard for what a smartphone can
be.
Customers are capturing stunning photos
and videos with our most advanced camera
system ever on iPhone 17 Pro and Pro
Max, including an 8x optical quality
zoom and the all-new center stage front
camera, unlocking entirely new ways to
frame, create, and share their moments.
In fact, during their recent mission,
Artemis 2 astronauts captured some truly
otherworldly images of Earth and space
using iPhone 17 Pro Max.
Meanwhile, iPhone Air users are tapping
into the pro-level performance in our
slimmest iPhone ever.
And with iPhone 17, we're seeing a
strong response not only from customers
upgrading from previous generations, but
also from people choosing iPhone for the
very first time.
We've been enormously pleased with how
the entire lineup has been received. In
fact, the iPhone 17 family is now the
most popular lineup in our history when
looking at the launch through the March
quarter. And according to IDC, we gained
market share during the quarter.
Mac revenue was $8.4 billion
for the March quarter, up 6% from a year
ago, despite supply constraints driven
by higher than expected levels of
demand.
We're delighted with the reception of
what is the most advanced Mac lineup in
our history. We set March quarter
records for upgraders and customers new
to Mac. And according to IDC, we gained
market share in the quarter.
From Mac mini to MacBook Pro and
everything in between, Mac is the best
platform for AI. With Apple silicon
delivering exceptional performance,
industry-leading efficiency, and the
ability to run advanced models locally
in ways that simply weren't possible
before.
It's so exciting to see how strongly
users are embracing Mac for these
capabilities.
There's tremendous enthusiasm for
MacBook Neo, which made its debut during
the March quarter, opening up an
entirely new way to experience Mac at a
breakthrough price.
We've also further improved MacBook Air,
already the world's most popular laptop,
with M5, making everyday tasks faster
and more responsive than ever.
MacBook Pro reaches new heights with M5
Pro and M5 Max, delivering extraordinary
performance and dramatically advancing
what users can do with AI on a portable
system.
And for desktop users, Studio Display
pairs beautifully with Mac, while the
all-new Studio Display XDR takes things
even further, bringing unmatched image
quality and an extraordinarily immersive
experience to pro workflows.
Turning to iPad, revenue was $6.9
billion,
up 8% from a year ago.
iPad continues to be a great choice for
students, small business owners,
artists, and so many others because it
empowers entirely new ways to work,
learn, create, and connect.
It's not just about mobility. It's about
versatility, delivering a uniquely
flexible experience that adapts to
whatever users want to accomplish.
Today, our iPad lineup is stronger than
ever, led by the arrival of the
M4-powered iPad Air.
With a remarkable leap in performance,
it raises the bar for what users can do
on iPad, from advanced creative
workflows to powerful productivity and
immersive learning.
And with the addition of our latest
Apple silicon, along with the N1
wireless networking chip and C1X modem,
users can stay seamlessly connected
wherever they are.
Across wearables, home, and accessories,
revenue for the March quarter came in at
$7.9 billion,
up 5% from a year ago.
Apple Watch Ultra 3, Apple Watch Series
11, and Apple Watch SE continue to play
in a central role in users' lives, going
far beyond fitness tracking to deliver
meaningful insights and support for
their health and well-being.
From helping users stay active and reach
their fitness goals to delivering
powerful, science-backed health insights
that can prompt meaningful conversations
with care providers, Apple Watch is with
them every step of the way.
It's tremendously meaningful to see how
Apple Watch continues to empower users
to better understand their health, make
more informed decisions, and in many
cases change and even save lives.
During the quarter, we introduced
customers to a new level of audio
experience with AirPods Max 2,
delivering stunning sound quality and
our most advanced active noise
cancellation yet.
At the same time, AirPods Pro 3 combine
an incredibly immersive listening
experience with intelligent features
that adapt to how users move, train, and
live.
And whether it's a call across town or a
conversation across continents, AirPods
make it effortless to stay connected.
AirPods can bridge languages, too,
thanks to live translation powered by
Apple intelligence.
In addition to live translation, Apple
intelligence brings together dozens of
powerful capabilities, from visual
intelligence to clean up in photos that
are seamlessly integrated into the
moments that matter most to our users
every day.
And we look forward to bringing a more
personalized Siri to users coming this
year.
What truly sets Apple apart is how Apple
intelligence is woven into the core of
our platforms, powered by Apple silicon
and designed from the ground up to
deliver intelligence that is fast,
personal, and private.
This is not AI as a standalone feature,
but AI as an essential intuitive part of
the experience across our devices.
It builds on years of innovation, from
the neural engine to advanced on-device
processing, enabling capabilities that
are not only incredibly powerful, but
also respectful of user privacy.
Increasingly, that same foundation is
drawing developers and researchers to
our products as powerful platforms for
building and running agentic AI, thanks
to the unique combination of
performance, efficiency, and on-device
capabilities.
When you combine this level of
integration with our relentless focus on
the customer experience, it becomes
clear why Apple platforms are the best
place to experience AI.
Now, let's turn to services, which set
an all-time revenue record with $31
billion. We saw double-digit growth We
saw double-digit growth in both
developed and emerging markets and set
new all-time revenue records across most
of the services categories.
There's no better place to find
celebrated storytellers than Apple TV.
Audiences are applauding the return of
shows like Your Friends & Neighbors,
Shrinking, and For All Mankind, while
discovering new favorites like Widows
Bay.
Apple TV has also earned its place among
the most decorated names in
entertainment with more than 800 wins
and more than 3,400 nominations in the 6
years since launch.
This is a great time for sports fans on
Apple TV, too.
Formula 1 season kicked off in March,
and Apple TV subscribers in the US have
one of the best views of the track.
The new MLS season is also well
underway, and subscribers in more than
100 countries and regions can watch
every match with no blackouts. And
Friday Night Baseball returned for its
fifth year on Apple TV with a full
season of marquee matchups.
In retail, we had a March quarter
revenue record and saw very high levels
of store traffic throughout the quarter.
From New York to Chengdu to Paris, it
was wonderful to see stores around the
world at the center of Apple's 50th
anniversary celebrations.
We were also thrilled to open the doors
to our sixth store in India. It has been
wonderful to see how we've continued to
grow in India in recent years, part of
our larger efforts to connect with even
more customers in emerging markets all
over the world.
At Apple, we believe powerful innovation
and uncompromising quality can go
hand-in-hand with sustainability.
Over the last year, we've reached new
milestones in the environment, including
the use of recycled content in 30% of
the materials in all of our products
shipped in 2025, the most we've ever
had.
That includes the use of 100% recycled
cobalt in all Apple design batteries and
100% recycled rare earth elements in all
magnets.
We've also achieved our goal of removing
plastic from packaging with every Apple
product now shipping in fiber-based
packaging.
All of this is a testament to the
outstanding forward-thinking and
innovative work of our teams.
We're also making great progress in
advancing American supply chain
innovation.
As part of our $600 billion commitment
to the US, we were pleased to share
recently that Mac mini production is
coming to America later this year,
expanding our factory operations in
Houston with a brand new facility.
In March, we were thrilled to welcome
four new companies to our American
manufacturing program to help
manufacture essential materials and
components for Apple products sold
worldwide.
These include sensors that support key
iPhone features like camera
stabilization and integrated circuits
essential for features like crash
detection and activity tracking.
These efforts build on the progress
we've made in the American manufacturing
program, including the work we're doing
to advance an end-to-end silicon supply
chain across the US.
At TSMC's Arizona facility, for example,
Apple is on track to purchase well over
100 million advanced chips.
As we're accelerating our long-standing
support for US innovation, we're also
investing in America's workforce.
We're looking forward to opening the
doors to an all-new advanced
manufacturing center in Houston later
this year, which will provide hands-on
training led by Apple experts and
tailor-made for students, supplier
employees, and American businesses.
Whether around the world or in our own
backyard, we're proud of the difference
Apple has made to enrich lives and
support the communities we serve.
Looking ahead, we're delighted to
welcome developers back to Apple Park
for WWDC 26.
We can't wait to share what we've been
working on from AI advancements to
exciting new software and developer
tools.
It's going to be an incredible week. As
always, we remain in relentless pursuit
of even more powerful innovations guided
by our North Star, our users.
As we celebrated 50 years of Apple, we
are even more excited and more
optimistic about the next 50 years and
beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to
Kevin.
>> Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon,
everyone.
Our revenue of $111.2 billion
was up 17% year-over-year, a March
quarter revenue record.
We saw strong performance around the
world with March quarter revenue records
in every geographic segment.
Foreign exchange was about a 2 and 1/2%
point tailwind to the March quarter
growth rate. We also faced supply
constraints on iPhone and to a lesser
extent on Mac.
We believe if you remove the favorable
benefit from foreign exchange and add
back the unfavorable impact from supply
constraints,
we would have had a higher growth rate
for total company revenue for the
quarter.
Products revenue was $80.2 billion,
up 17% year-over-year, driven by
double-digit growth on iPhone, setting a
new March quarter record.
Our installed base of over 2 and 1/2
billion active devices has reached
another all-time high across all major
product categories and geographic
segments.
Services revenue was $31 billion, up 16%
year-over-year. We saw strong
performance across the board with
double-digit growth in the vast majority
of the markets we track.
Company gross margin was 49.3%
above the high end of our guidance range
and up 110 basis points sequentially.
Products gross margin was 38.7%
down 200 basis points sequentially.
Services gross margin was 76.7%
up 20 basis points sequentially.
Operating expenses landed at $18.9
billion, up 24% year-over-year.
This was slightly above the high end of
our guidance range due to a one-time
expense in SG&A.
Net income was $29.6 billion and diluted
earnings per share was $2.01,
up 22% year-over-year.
Both net income and diluted EPS achieved
March quarter records and drove a very
strong level of operating cash flow at
$28.7 billion.
Now, I'm going to provide some more
details for each of our revenue
categories.
iPhone revenue was $57 billion, up 22%
year-over-year, driven by the iPhone 17
family.
iPhone grew double digits in the
majority of markets we track, including
the US,
Latin America,
Greater China,
Western Europe,
India,
Japan, and Southeast Asia.
The iPhone active install base grew to
an all-time high, and we set March
quarter record for iPhone upgraders.
According to a recent survey from
Worldpanel, iPhone was the top-selling
model in the US,
urban China,
the UK, Australia, and Japan.
We have been extremely pleased with the
positive reception of the iPhone 17
family. In fact, customer satisfaction
for the iPhone 17 family in the US was
recently measured at 99% by 451
Research.
Mac revenue was $8.4 billion,
up 6% year-over-year,
driven by the strength of the recent
product launches, including MacBook Neo.
We grew in both developed and emerging
markets with double-digit growth in many
emerging markets, including India and
Indonesia.
As Tim mentioned earlier, we had a March
quarter record for customers new to the
Mac,
and this helped drive a new all-time
record for the overall Mac install base.
And in the US, customer satisfaction for
Mac was recently reported at 97%.
iPad revenue was $6.9 billion,
up 8% year-over-year, driven by the
continued strength of the A16-powered
iPad and the M5-powered iPad Pro.
The iPad install base reached a new
all-time high as iPad continued to reach
new customers around the world.
During the quarter, over half of the
customers who purchased an iPad were new
to the product.
Many of these customers are in our
emerging markets, where we grew iPad
revenue by double digits, including in
India, Mexico, and Thailand.
And based the latest reports from 451
Research, customer satisfaction was 98%
in the US.
Wearables home and accessories revenue
was $7.9 billion,
up 5% year-over-year, driven by strength
in wearables and accessories.
We were pleased to see strength in our
emerging markets, where we set a new
March quarter revenue record.
The wearables installed base reached a
new all-time high with over half of the
customers purchasing an Apple Watch
during the quarter being new to the
product.
And in the US, customer satisfaction on
Apple Watch was measured at 96%
Our services revenue reached an all-time
high of $31 billion,
up 16% year-over-year.
The strong performance was broad-based
with all-time records in both developed
and emerging markets.
And as Tim mentioned, we also set
all-time revenue records in most of the
services categories.
We're optimistic about the future of our
services business. With our large
installed base of over 2 and 1/2 billion
active devices,
we have an incredibly strong foundation
for growth opportunities.
Both transacting and paid accounts
reached new all-time highs in the
quarter as we continue to see more
customers leveraging our services
offerings.
And we continue to improve the quality
and expand the breadth of our services
from the expansion of features like tap
to pay, now available in over 50
markets,
to deeper support for enterprise
customers.
Building on this, we launched Apple
Business,
a new all-in-one platform that combines
our hardware, software, and enterprise
services, enabling companies to
efficiently manage their deployments and
scale their business.
We continue to see more organizations in
enterprise choosing Apple's devices for
performance and productivity.
Marsh, a leading professional services
firm, deployed a large-scale refresh of
corporate devices to iPhone 17 as part
of a commitment to security alongside
adopting Mac for internal AI
development.
With Apple silicon and its powerful
unified memory architecture, leading AI
developers like Perplexity are choosing
Mac as a preferred platform to build
enterprise-grade AI assistants that
power autonomous agents and boost
workplace productivity.
Across the Mac lineup, customers are
finding the right device for their
needs.
From MacBook Pro and MacBook Air to our
newest addition, MacBook Neo, which
delivers an unprecedented combination of
quality, value, and industry-leading
security that is resonating strongly in
enterprise and education.
Kansas City Public Schools, for example,
is switching their high school students
from Windows laptops and Chromebooks
MacBook Neo, completing their transition
to an all-Apple district.
And in India, leading enterprise
software provider Freshworks deployed
over 5,000 MacBook Pro and MacBook Air
to accelerate their AI development.
Let's turn to our cash position and
capital return program.
We ended the quarter with $147 billion
in cash and marketable securities.
We had $5.8 billion of debt maturities
and commercial paper remained unchanged
at $2 billion. Resulting in $85 billion
in total debt.
Therefore, at the end of the quarter,
net cash was $62 billion.
During the quarter, we returned $15
billion to shareholders.
This included $3.8 billion in dividends
and equivalents
and $11 billion through open market
repurchases of 42 million Apple shares.
Our repurchase activity at any time can
be affected by a number of factors that
we take into account. And as you're
aware,
we recently announced a CEO transition.
Taking a step back, we plan to continue
our capital allocation philosophy of
first making all the necessary
investments needed to support the
business.
And then returning excess cash to
shareholders over time.
Net cash neutral has been a valuable
framework for our capital structure. And
since 2018,
we have significantly right-sized our
balance sheet and reduced net cash by
over a hundred billion dollars.
As we move ahead, we are no longer
providing net cash neutral as a formal
target. And we will independently
evaluate cash and debt.
Capital returns will continue to be
important to our overall approach of
delivering long-term shareholder value.
Accordingly, our board has authorized an
additional one hundred billion dollars
for share repurchases. And we're also
raising our dividend by 4% to 27 cents
per share of common stock.
This cash dividend will be payable on
May 14th, 2026
to shareholders of record as of May
11th, 2026.
As we move ahead into the June quarter,
I'd like to review our outlook, which
includes the types of forward-looking
information that Suhasini referred to.
Importantly, the color we're providing
assumes that global tariff rates,
policies, and their application remain
in effect as of this call.
And the global macroeconomic outlook
does not worsen from today.
We expect our June quarter total company
revenue to grow by 14 to 17%
year-over-year, which comprehends our
best view of constrained supply.
On iPad, keep in mind we face a
difficult compare driven by the launch
of the A16-powered iPad in the prior
year.
We expect services revenue to grow at a
year-over-year rate similar to what we
reported in the March quarter after
removing the favorable year-over-year
impact from foreign exchange tailwinds.
Keep in mind during the March quarter FX
was a 2 and 1/2 percentage point
tailwind to the total company growth
rate and for services that impact was
slightly more favorable.
We expect gross margin to be between 47
and 1/2% and 48 and 1/2%
We expect operating expenses to be
between $18.8 billion
and $19.1 billion.
We expect OI&E to be around $250 million
excluding any potential impact from the
mark-to-market of minority investments
and our tax rate to be around 17%.
With that, Tim and I will take
questions.
>> Thank you, Kevin. We ask that you limit
yourself to two questions. Operator, may
we have the first question, please?
>> Certainly. We'll go ahead and take our
first question from Eric Woodring with
Morgan [snorts] Stanley. Please go
ahead.
>> Great. Thank you very much for taking my
questions, guys. And Tim, I'll save the
the congrats or the the au revoir for
for next quarter. But but it's been a
pleasure working together. I I I would
love maybe Tim, if I could ask you just
to maybe contextualize the the supply
constraints you alluded to in your
prepared remarks.
Meaning you know, how much did demand
outpace supply for iPhone and Mac in the
March quarter? And does your June
quarter guidance also reflect supply
constraints for those segments? Or or is
that kind of an unconstrained guide as
you see it today? And then a quick
follow-up, please. Thank you.
>> Yeah, hi Eric. Thanks for your comments.
We were constrained during the March
quarter.
This [clears throat] was primarily on
iPhone
and to a lesser extent on the Mac. And
as we talked about in the last call, the
constraints were primarily driven by the
availability of the advanced nodes our
SOCs are produced on.
If you look forward to the June quarter,
the majority of our supply constraints
will be on several Mac models given the
continued high levels of demand that
we're seeing.
Uh, and we have less flexibility in the
supply chain than we normally would.
For Mac,
uh, in the June quarter, there's two
factors that that are driving the
constraints. One is that on the Mac mini
and the Mac Studio, uh, both of these
are amazing platforms for AI and agentic
tools,
and the customer recognition of that is
happening faster than what we had
predicted. Uh, and so we saw higher than
expected demand.
The second, uh, reason is that the
customer response to Mac Neo has just
been off the charts,
uh, with with higher than expected
demand. And the March quarter record for
customers, we had we set a March quarter
record for customers new to the Mac,
uh, partly due to the to the Neo.
We think, uh, looking forward that the
Mac mini and the Mac Studio, uh, may
take several months to reach supply
demand balance. And so, hopefully that
gives you a view of both Q2 and Q3 on
the supply side.
>> All right, awesome. Thank you very much
for that color, Tim. Um, and then, you
know, Kevin, I I'd love to maybe turn to
you in in kind of a surprise, uh, little
announcement there talking about net
cash neutral still a great is still a
great path, but we're no longer
providing this as a formal target. Um,
could you maybe expand on that a bit? or
we thinking about any different type of
capital return policy? It doesn't seem
so, but maybe maybe a maybe
give a little bit more detail when you
talk about making investments. Is that
organic versus inorganic? Just just
maybe tease that comment out a little
bit more for us. It'd be super helpful.
Thank you so much, guys.
>> Yeah, sure, Eric. Uh thanks for the
question. Yeah, let me just just kind of
reiterate what we said, which is really
um kind of more of a comment on the
capital structure, but our goal of net
cash neutral has really served us well.
It's been a viable framework for us, you
know, and for our capital structures
since in 2018.
Uh you know, we believe we're at a stage
where we're evaluating we're evaluating
cash and debt independently is really
the right approach for us and allows us
to make more optimal economic decisions
around how we best utilize our debt and
cash portfolios to support the business,
you know, based on business factors and
market conditions. Uh we also believe we
can manage this flexibility with while
also being very efficient and remaining
disciplined.
So, with all that being said, we remain
very committed to returning excess cash
to shareholders.
And as we talked about, you know, our
investment in the business, I think as
you know, we we invest in the business
um you know, first and foremost and then
look to, you know, kind of return excess
cash to shareholders. I think we have a
very good track record of being
disciplined. You know, we've returned
over a trillion dollars to shareholders
from the start of the program. Uh over
850 billion of which has been through
share repurchases. And so, um you know,
and the other piece is is well that's
really important is, you know, as part
of that we also have, you know,
increased our buyback authorization by
another 100 billion dollars. And that's
on top of you know, the leftover
capacity from the prior authorization.
Um so, you can see, you know, the
capital return piece is is something,
you know, very important to us. And as
we talked about in the prepared remarks,
uh important to the overall approach,
you know, to to to delivering long-term
shareholder value.
Thanks so much, Kevin. Good luck, guys.
>> Thanks, Eric.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Eric. Operator, could we get
the next question, please?
>> Our next question is from Ben Reitzes
with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
>> Hey
>> Yeah, hey, uh thanks. Um I'll ask two
myself. Uh the first one is um
there's just been a lot of talk and and
it's great to, by the way, uh speak with
you, Tim and and John uh and Kevin. Um
the first question is around there
there's been some commentary around an
agentic smartphone.
Um by the way, I don't even know what
that means, but uh
there there's comments that um that you
know, about AI on the edge and that
agents could catalyze uh smartphones,
but also shift
the smartphone kind of form factor or
maybe not. I was just wondering with the
rise of agents, how you would like us to
think about that. Is Does this mean
there's new products coming uh
of a totally new form factor or does it
change the game or anything high-level
you might want to say about that and
that trend or potential non-trend?
Thanks.
>> Hi, Ben, it's Tim. Uh
you know, we don't get into our future
road map.
And so, I don't want to uh uh
you know, give too much info there, but
I I would just say that we're thrilled
with how the iPhone is doing uh growing
22% in the quarter and followed up
from an incredible Q1
and having a uh the strongest
uh cycle that we've ever had in our
history from the from the launch through
March quarter. We we could not be
happier with it.
>> Okay.
Um well, thanks. I appreciate that. Uh
I'm sure we'll hear a lot more. Um then
then with regard to um
I guess the the question around
constraints and whatnot and and Tim, you
know, you know, I may push you one more
time. Try to do it nicely though, just
given my age. Um
you know, the
the
the the big concern out there is is it's
maybe how margins go after the June
quarter given the um
given the components and and trends and
whatnot and all these constraints. I
mean, is there some kind of overarching
philosophy that you want us to think
about? Um do you feel and maybe Kevin
wants to weigh in on this is you see a
lot of variability in the model or is
47-48 kind of a range you think you
might be able to stay in or is there
just no visibility?
Um you know, beyond June to answer this
question. I I you know, I think any
comfort level there
um as we go throughout the calendar year
would be so helpful. Thanks.
>> Yeah, Ben, let me talk about memory
specifically which I I think is the root
of the of the question. So
and I'll I'll go back to December for a
moment and just walk you through the
chronology. In in the December quarter,
we really had a minimal impact due to
memory and you you can kind of see that
in the gross margin results.
We said it would be a bit more in the
March quarter and we did see higher
memory costs uh in the March quarter and
they were partially offset by benefits
from carrying inventory that we had.
>> [snorts]
>> For the June quarter and what's embedded
in the
the guidance that uh Kevin went through
earlier, we expect significantly higher
memory costs.
Uh they are also partly offset by the
benefit of carrying inventory.
And then where we don't give
uh
color beyond June, I can tell you that
beyond the June quarter, we believe
memory costs will drive an increasing
impact on our business.
And we'll continue to evaluate this and
as we've said before, we'll look at a
uh range of options.
>> Okay, thanks, Tim.
>> Yeah, thank you, Ben.
>> Thank you, Ben. Operator, could we have
the next question, please?
Our next question comes from Michael Ng
with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
>> Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for the
questions. I have two as well. Um
First, given the success of the MacBook
Neo, I was wondering if you could talk a
little bit about how it's helped drive
penetration with new customer segments,
um whether that be, you know, education
or value or um or emerging markets. And
then,
um how do you how do you think about
opportunities in, you know,
underpenetrated markets more broadly?
And uh how will your future product
roadmap um inform that strategy? Thank
you.
>> Yeah, right now we're supply-constrained
on the MacBook Neo. The response has
been We we were uh very bullish on the
product before announcing it. And uh but
we undercalled the
the level of enthusiasm that would be
with it. And uh it's very much focused
on getting the Mac to even more people
than we were reaching before. Uh we're
very focused on on customers new to the
Mac and customers that have been holding
on to their Mac a a very long period of
time. We're doing well with both of
those.
Uh in the uh and I as Kevin alluded to
in his comments,
uh we're seeing uh school systems like
the Kansas City public schools that are
switching from Chromebooks and Windows
uh PCs to the MacBook Neo. And I'm
hearing anecdotally more and more of
those kind of stories both happening at
the
at the school system level and at the uh
individual consumer level. And so, we
could not be happier with how how things
are going at the moment.
>> Great. Thank you, Tim. Um and for the
second question, I wanted to ask about
advertising within services. Um I think
Apple introduced new inventory to ads on
the App Store earlier this year. Um has
that new ad inventory on the App Store
been a notable contributor to the
services uh growth and outperformance in
the quarter?
And then could you talk more broadly
about your ad strategy um
given the plans to also introduce ads to
Maps uh this summer. Thank you.
>> Yeah, Mike, it's Kevin. Uh thanks for
the question. Yeah, in advertising we
did see year-over-year growth in our
advertising business. Um as you alluded
to, we recently did introduce additional
ads, you know, across the App Store
search results to provide developers
with more ways to drive downloads on
platforms, you know, that that users
trust.
Uh and and this summer, as you said, uh
in the US and Canada, Apple Maps will
feature ads during key search and
discovery moments, creating a new way
for local businesses to reach customers
and explore new places.
But importantly, I think, you know, we
believe it's possible to help businesses
of all sizes grow via advertising while
still delivering a great customer
experience
while also importantly respecting
people's fundamental right to privacy.
>> Thank you, Kevin.
>> Thanks, Mike.
>> Thank you, Mike. Operator, could we get
the next question, please?
>> Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan
with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
>> Uh yes, thank you so much. Um Tim, you
noted higher impact from memory as you
look beyond uh the June quarter. Uh
clearly, you know, you guys have a lot
of scale, supply chain efficiencies,
relationships uh from from a long time.
As you think about
product position relative to your
competitors, so when you think about
product position and pricing
um
relative to competition, do you think in
such times of dislocation that Apple
would be strategically more focused on
share grain or where potentially you
don't raise pricing in perhaps lower
ends of the portfolio where
your competitors are struggling or or
more focused on profitability. Like
what's the right framework for us to
think through as you enter that period
and I'll follow up.
>> Uh Wamsi, we we will look at a range of
options with memory costs increasing and
uh so I I really don't want to go beyond
that at this point.
>> Okay. Okay, Tim.
Um on as a follow-up here,
how's Apple thinking about the broader
monetization maybe following Ben's
question here in the agentic AI world.
So, well what parts of the stack do you
think Apple will be focused on
um internally versus maybe leveraging
your partners. I mean we have some early
looks into where you are developing
relationships, but as we think longer
term do you think Apple will invest
more? Where will Apple invest more
heavily over the next several years? Um
and is this at all related to your net
cash comments in terms of perhaps
building out more infrastructure as we
enter
uh an AI-centric world. Thank you.
>> Uh we are clearly investing more. You
can see that in the opex numbers uh and
if you click down on those a step deeper
and look at the R&D
area separate than SG&A, you'll find
that R&D is even accelerating much
higher than the company is. And so we're
we're clearly investing. We're investing
in products and services.
Uh and we see opportunities in in both
of those.
And we could not be more excited about
the the how the future is playing out.
>> Yeah, and I think Wamsi as we've talked
about, you know, building on what Tim
said, you know, we've from the start we
said we, you know, believe AI is a
really important investment area for
Apple and we're going to be doing that
incrementally on on top of what we
normally invest in our product, you
know, roadmap. And so, I think it's one
of the reiterated that point as well.
>> Okay. Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Luca.
>> Mhm.
>> Awesome. Thank you, Wamsi. Operator, can
we get the next question, please?
>> Our next question is from Amit Daryanani
with Evercore. Please go ahead.
>> Yep. Um I have two as well. Good
afternoon, everyone. Uh you know, I
guess first one, maybe just going back
to the iPhone performance, which, you
know, for a couple of quarters you folks
have had 20% plus growth despite the
supply constraint. And I think the
guidance implies the momentum will
continue in June. Um I'd love for you
folks to just maybe double click and
talk about what are the levers that
that's driving this sort of impressive
iPhone growth uh despite the supply
constraints. And then sort of what is
the durability of this growth?
>> Yeah, if you look at it, uh it's the
iPhone 17 family that's driving it. Uh
and that is as you point out is is
despite the supply constraints that
we're experiencing. And it's the uh the
things that are driving people to the 17
are people love the design,
uh people love the performance, they
love the durability, they love the
camera, they love center stage,
uh and they love that Apple intelligence
is integrated across the the platform.
Uh from a where we're seeing the growth,
it is amazing. We're seeing double-digit
growth in the majority of the markets we
track, from the US to Latin America to
greater China to Western Europe to India
to Japan to Southeast Asia. And and we
set a new March quarter record for
upgraders as as well. And uh and you
know, what's driving all this is that
the customer satisfaction for the 17
family
uh in the US as an example is 99%.
These numbers are just unheard of.
And uh so we're we're thrilled with how
things are going.
>> Perfect. Thank you. And then Tim, I
think we have you for one more earnings
call, but I would really appreciate if
you could kind of share a bit about the
upcoming transition.
Um you know, you have historically I
think talked about the advice that Steve
gave you when you took over and I I
might be paraphrasing this, but it was
around don't ask what I would do, just
do the right thing. Uh that's really
been a big win I think for Apple and
shareholders over the last 15 years. Um
would love to understand what advice are
you giving John to help him build on
Apple's strengths while shaping up the
next chapter for the company. Thank you.
>> Well, I think Steve's advice to me
lifted a huge burden. And
so that that advice did did well for me
and over the 15 years. For For John, I
think my my advice is that or what what
I've told him is that one of the most
important decisions he'll make is where
to spend his time.
And I would spend it where the greatest
benefit to the company and the users
are.
Uh and never forget the North Star for
the company. You know, we're about
making the best products in the world
that really enrich other people's lives.
And if you keep focusing on that and
make your decisions around that, it will
produce a great business and we'll be
able to build
more products and do it all over again.
Thank you for the question.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks, Amit. Operator, could we get the
next question, please?
>> Our next question is from David Vote
with UBS. Please go ahead.
>> Great. Thanks for actually taking my
question. Maybe Tim, I want to come back
to this advice thing for a second. I
don't think I heard you state in your
prepared remarks or in in response to a
question that the iPhone is constrained
in the June quarter. So can you walk
through kind of how you're thinking
about your ability to secure not just
SOC, but also memory? Are you thinking
about using alternative sources of
memory outside of the sort of the
traditional partners that you have? And
just what's kind of driving that
confidence that the iPhone isn't
constrained given the amount of share it
sounds like you're taking in that
market. And then I have a follow-up as
well.
>> Yeah, David, the the current constraint
uh for
well, the the constraint in the March
quarter and the June quarter, the
primary constraint is the availability
of the advanced nodes our SOCs are
produced on.
Uh
not memory.
And and so, I I don't want to predict
our ability to to for uh supply and
demand to to match because if I if I
look at it realistically,
I think on the Mac mini and the Mac
Studio, uh I believe it'll take several
months to reach supply demand balance.
And so, we're we're not at the point
where we're saying where this is going
to end anytime soon. And it's it's not
because of of of a problem per se
uh other than we just under called the
the demand.
And you know, there are lead times to
this as you well understand, and it it
takes a while to
to correct that.
And the the primary constraint from a
product point of view in the uh or the
majority of it for this quarter for the
for the June quarter will be on the Mac.
And it's uh Mac mini, Mac Studio, and
the MacBook Neo.
It's all of those.
>> Great.
>> Yeah.
>> And then maybe just on service maybe on
ser- yeah, maybe on services real quick.
You know, obviously, you know, real
relatively strong gross margins yet
again. Um, are we getting to a point
given sort of the product mix within
services? I know a lot of different
offerings are growing double digits,
that we're sort of asymptotically
getting to a level where
uh we're seeing, you know, increasingly
more challenging to scale that business
from a profitability perspective, or is
there still sort of low-hanging fruit in
terms of volume leverage in some of the
offerings? Um, or maybe lower losses in
some different categories that can
continue to scale gross margin across
the services base. Thanks.
>> Yeah, David, it's Kevin. Uh, thanks for
the question. Look, as you know, our
services portfolio contains a wide range
of businesses that have different, um,
you know, business models and
profitability profiles, and also are
growing at different rates. So, at any
given time, right, the relative
performance of those can impact the
gross margin. This time in particular,
we look at the, um, you know, Q2
services margin. We talked about the
fact that it increased 20 basis points
sequentially. That's primarily driven by
my mix. And so, again, I think it's hard
to speculate, you know, how that evolves
over time, but, you know, we're
encouraged by what we're seeing. We do
have some services that are improving in
profitability as they gain scale. Um,
but again, I think we have a wide
portfolio that that has different
characteristics and can grow, you know,
at different rates at different times.
But, but overall, we're encouraged by
the overall trajectory that we've seen.
>> Great, thank you, guys.
>> All right. Thank you, David. Operator,
could we get the next question, please?
>> Our next question is from Samik
Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Please go
ahead.
>> Hi. Um, thanks for taking my questions.
Um, Tim, uh my first question, uh last
quarter you did talk about Apple
foundational models and sort of the
two-pronged strategy there of um the
collaboration with Google as well as
continuing to internally sort of work on
your own models. Um, hoping you can sort
of give us an update in terms of uh how
you're able to balance those two
priorities as well as do you feel like
you need to double down and invest more
to act to be able to balance those two
priorities side by side kind of a follow
up.
>> Yeah, it's a good good question. We are
investing more. You can see that in the
OpEx numbers and as I'd mentioned before
the R&D in particular is has um
scaled rather significantly on a
year-over-year basis. The collaboration
with Google is going well.
Uh we're happy with where things are and
we're happy with the work that that
we're doing independently as well.
>> Great. And my follow up for Kevin Kevin
the
sequential moderation in the product
gross margin this year is
relatively muted compared to what you've
historically seen at least over the last
couple of years. Um is it primarily mix
or what was the maybe the FX tailwind as
well? How would we sort of break it down
in terms of what was different this year
relative to what we typically see and if
you could sort of also clarify what the
FX impact on gross margin was for the
quarter. Thank you.
>> Sure. So let me go Well, let me start.
On products for for for Q2
um basically products gross margin did
decrease by 200 basis points
sequentially driven by you know seasonal
loss of leverage and higher memory costs
as Tim had alluded. If I zoom out
though, I think it's important just to
look at what drove the overall company
gross margin performance and
um let me just give you a quick kind of
run down of that. If you look at our
overall performance, right our
sequential gross margin um impact was
110 points
positively and that was driven by
favorable mix,
lower tariff related costs,
and that was partly offset by seasonal
loss of leverage and higher memory
costs. And I did want to turn it over to
Tim because we do want to provide some
clarity around the lower tariff related
costs and just make a comment on that as
well.
>> Yeah, thanks Kevin.
For the March quarter, the gross margin
of 49.3 did include the impact of tariff
related costs.
Uh
however, tariffs in the March quarter
versus the December quarter were lower
uh because our we had lower product
volume as you know sequentially from Q1
to Q2, and there was the full quarter
benefit
from a reduction in the IEPA tariff
rates, as well as the reduced global
tariff rate under Section uh 122.
Uh in terms of uh of applying for refund
of tariffs paid, we're following the
established processes,
uh and we plan to reinvest any amount we
receive back into US innovation and
advanced manufacturing.
Uh these would be new investments and
would be in addition to our prior
commitments in the US.
>> And then one last point on your FX
question, um
we really didn't see any sequential
impact uh related to foreign exchange as
a factor going from Q1
uh gross margin to Q2.
>> Thank you.
>> All right. Thank you. Operator, could we
get the last question, please?
We'll go ahead and take our last
question from Aaron Rakers of Wells
Fargo. Please go ahead.
>> Yeah, thanks uh for taking the question
and congrats on the quarter. Um I I
wanted to ask about a few of the end
markets. I guess particularly Tim, if
you could comment a little bit on what
you're seeing specifically in China.
Uh I I guess from a competitive
perspective, are you are you seeing
advantages from supply constraints
impacting some of your competitors?
Uh any any thoughts on the China market,
and I do have a quick follow-up.
>> Yeah, we we are thrilled with the
performance in Greater China. The the
first half of the year grew at 33%
uh in the March quarter revenue was up
28. Uh it's a quarterly revenue record
for us.
The performance is really driven by
iPhone,
which was also a March quarter record.
If you look at the
individual products, iPhone was the
top-selling model in urban China.
The Mac mini was the top-selling desktop
in China, and the
MacBook Air was the top-selling laptop
model. And so, we're really doing well
pretty well across the board there.
And the I was over there in March.
The traffic in our stores grew by
double-digit.
We were celebrating the Apple's 50th
anniversary there, and it was just
amazing to be a part of the
of the community there. And so, I'm I'm
really happy with how things have gone
the the first half of this year.
>> Yeah, and then maybe maybe I'll stick
with a similar theme kind of the same
question on the India market. It seems
like that continues to to be a focal
point
on these last several quarterly
conference calls. I mean,
how are you seeing the the market in
India evolve around, you know, the the
base of iPhones and the opportunity of
kind of a rising middle class, just the
overall opportunity set in that large
mobile market?
>> Yeah, I think it's a huge opportunity
for us. You know, we've been focused on
this for a while. It's the second
largest smartphone market in the world
and the third largest PC market. And
despite doing extremely well there for
quite some time, we still have a modest
share. And so, I think there's that
really speaks to the opportunity that we
have. There are a lot of people moving
into the middle class there. And
and we've got some great products for
for them both
currently and coming.
And if you look at the
the majority of the majority of
customers on all of our
categories from the iPhone to the Mac to
the iPad to the watch are new to that
product there. And so it speaks very
well to to growing the install base
there. Net net, I'm I'm over the moon
excited about India.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you, Aaron. A replay of today's
call will be available for 2 weeks on
Apple podcast, as a webcast on
apple.com/investor,
and via telephone. The number for the
telephone replay is 866-583-1035.
Please enter confirmation code 2803309
followed by the pound sign. These
replays will be available by
approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific time
today.
Members of the press with additional
questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at
408-862-1142,
and financial analysts can contact me,
Suhasini Chandramouli, with additional
questions at 408-974-3123.
Thanks again for joining us today.
>> Once again, this does conclude today's
conference. We do appreciate your
participation.